#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / YeoJin - Kiss Later"
(The second day morning of [Line&Up])
(ODD EYE CIRCLE is coming in with casual clothes!)
Kim Lip: The camera is welcoming us as soon as we arrived!
Choerry: Right, however my hair look like... um...
Kim Lip: Today is so sunny and nice
Kim Lip: And.. it's amazing~!
Choerry: Yes~
JinSoul: Work hard today!
(The three girls are ready with the LipSoulRry Cross!)
(LOOΠΔ 1/3 has arrived at the venue!)
HaSeul: Hello~ It's second day morning of LOONA's fan meeting!
HeeJin: This is the second day, but the last day...
HaSeul: OEC is already getting ready for it~
HaSeul: Next is our turn, so we have to leave to prepare our performance!
HeeJin: Work hard today!!
HyunJin: Today, I had to~
HyunJin: Today, I had to~~
(It's LOOΠΔ / yyxy!)
Yves: This is the second day
All: of [Line&Up]!
Olivia Hye: See you~
Olivia Hye: We have to go to get ready right now~
Olivia Hye: Ready for the rehearsal!
Go Won: See you~
YeoJin: Hello! This is the second day of LOOΠΔ Premier Greeting!
YeoJin: Applause~
YeoJin: Okay, see you!
YeoJin: See you later~
YeoJin: See you soon~